vmagent: Enhance metrics relabel debug by adding remote write relabel configs to the input (#10607)
VictoriaMetrics/VictoriaMetrics: docs/victoriametrics/changelog/CHANGELOG.md

## tip

> * FEATURE: [vmagent](https://docs.victoriametrics.com/victoriametrics/vmagent/): enhance metrics relabel debug by adding remote write relabel configs to the relabel configs input. See [#9918](https://github.com/VictoriaMetrics/VictoriaMetrics/issues/9918).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* FEATURE: [vmagent](https://docs.victoriametrics.com/victoriametrics/vmagent/): add support for selecting relabel configurations from `-remoteWrite.relabelConfig` and `-remoteWrite.urlRelabelConfig` in the [metrics relabel debug UI](https://docs.victoriametrics.com/victoriametrics/relabeling/#relabel-debugging). See [#9918](https://github.com/VictoriaMetrics/VictoriaMetrics/issues/9918).
```
